QUE1. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the 
sum of all the even numbers in the array.

QUE2. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns the 
number of strings that have a length greater than a specified value.

QUE3. Write a function that takes two arrays as parameters and returns a new array 
containing the elements that are common to both arrays.

QUE4. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with the numbers in ascending order.

QUE5. Write a function that takes an array of objects representing students, where 
each object contains a student's name and their score. The function should return 
an array of the names of students who have scored above a specified threshold.

QUE6. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns a 
new array with the strings sorted in alphabetical order, ignoring case sensitivity.

QUE7. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the 
average of all the numbers in the array.

QUE8. Write a function that takes an array of objects representing books, where each 
object contains a book's title and author. The function should return an array of 
book titles written by a specified author.

QUE9. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns a 
new array with the strings reversed.

QUE10. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the
product of all the numbers in the array.

QUE11. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the
square of each number in a new array.

QUE12. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the unique strings (removing duplicates).

QUE13. Write a function that takes two arrays of numbers as parameters and returns a 
new array with the elements that are present in both arrays, without any duplicates.

QUE14. Write a function that takes an array of objects representing products, where 
each object contains a product's name and price. The function should return the total
price of all the products in the array.

QUE15. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the prime numbers from the original array.