QUE1. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and prints all the keys and
their corresponding values using a for...in loop.

QUE2. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and prints all the elements 
of the array using a for...in loop.

QUE3. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and calculates the sum of 
all the values using a for...in loop.

QUE4. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and calculates the product 
of all the elements using a for...in loop.

QUE5. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and checks if a specific 
key exists in the object using a for...in loop. Return true if the key exists, and 
false otherwise.

QUE6. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and checks if a specific 
element exists in the array using a for...in loop. Return true if the element exists,
and false otherwise.

QUE7. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and counts the number of 
keys using a for...in loop. Return the count.

QUE8. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and counts the number of 
even elements using a for...in loop. Return the count.

QUE9. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and finds the key with the
highest value using a for...in loop. Return the key.

QUE10. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and finds the index of the
first occurrence of a specific element using a for...in loop. Return the index.

QUE11. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and checks if all the 
values are of a specific data type (e.g., number, string) using a for...in loop. 
Return true if all values are of the specified type, and false otherwise.

QUE12. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and checks if all the 
elements satisfy a specific condition (e.g., greater than 0) using a for...in loop. 
Return true if all elements satisfy the condition, and false otherwise.

QUE13. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and returns an array of 
all the keys using a for...in loop.

QUE14. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and returns a new array 
with all the elements doubled using a for...in loop.

QUE15. Write a function that takes an object as a parameter and returns an array of 
all the values using a for...in loop.