QUE1. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints all the numbers 
from 1 to that number using a do...while loop.

QUE2. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the sum of all the numbers using a do...while loop.

QUE3. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and prints each character 
of the string in reverse order using a do...while loop.

QUE4. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and concatenates
all the strings into a single string using a do...while loop.

QUE5. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and checks if it is a prime 
number using a do...while loop. Return true if it is prime, and false otherwise.

QUE6. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and finds the 
smallest number in the array using a do...while loop.

QUE7. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and counts the number of 
vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in the string using a do...while loop. Return the count.

QUE8. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the average of all the numbers using a do...while loop.

QUE9. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints a countdown from
that number to 1 using a do...while loop.

QUE10. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and finds the 
longest string in the array using a do...while loop.

QUE11. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints the Fibonacci 
sequence up to that number using a do...while loop.

QUE12. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the positive numbers from the original array using a 
do...while loop.

QUE13. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and checks if 
a specific string exists in the array using a do...while loop. Return true if it 
exists, and false otherwise.

QUE14. Write a function that takes an array of objects representing students, where 
each object contains a student's name and score. The function should print the names 
and scores of all the students using a do...while loop.

QUE15. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the product of all the numbers using a do...while loop.