Exercise 1:
Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array where each 
number is doubled using map.

Exercise 2:
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array where each 
string is uppercase using map.

Exercise 3:
Write a function that takes an array of objects with a 'name' property and returns 
a new array with only the names using map.

Exercise 4:
Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array where each 
number is squared using map.

Exercise 5:
Write a function that takes an array of objects with a 'completed' property 
(boolean) and returns a new array with only the completed objects using map.

Exercise 6:
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array where 
each string is reversed using map.

Exercise 7:
Write a function that takes an array of objects with 'age' properties and returns 
a new array with the ages doubled using map.

Exercise 8:
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array where each 
string has an exclamation mark appended to it using map.

Exercise 9:
Write a function that takes an array of objects with 'price' properties and returns
a new array with discounted prices (prices reduced by 10%) using map.

Exercise 10:
Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array where each 
number is incremented by 1 using map.

Exercise 11:
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array where each 
string is transformed to title case (first letter uppercase, rest lowercase) 
using map.

Exercise 12:
Write a function that takes an array of objects with 'quantity' properties and 
returns a new array with the quantities halved using map.

Exercise 13:
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array where 
each string has all vowels removed using map.

Exercise 14:
Write a function that takes an array of objects with 'rating' properties and 
returns a new array with the ratings converted to a scale of 1 to 10 using map.

Exercise 15:
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array where each 
string is padded with an additional letter 'a' at the end using map.