QUE1. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints the 
multiplication table for that number up to 10. For example, if the number is 5, 
the function should print:

python
Copy code
5 x 1 = 5
5 x 2 = 10
5 x 3 = 15
...
5 x 10 = 50

QUE2. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the sum of all the numbers using a for loop.

QUE3. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and prints each character 
of the string in reverse order, using a for loop.

QUE4. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and concatenates
all the strings into a single string, using a for loop.

QUE5. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and checks if it is a prime
number using a for loop. Return true if it is prime and false otherwise.

QUE6. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and finds the 
smallest number in the array using a for loop.

QUE7. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and counts the number of 
vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in the string using a for loop. Return the count.

QUE8. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the average of all the numbers using a for loop.

QUE9. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints a countdown 
from that number to 1, using a for loop.

QUE10. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and finds 
the longest string in the array using a for loop.

QUE11. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints a triangle 
pattern of asterisks (*). The triangle should have the number of rows equal to the 
input number. For example, if the number is 5, the function should print:

markdown
Copy code
*
**
***
****
*****

QUE12. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and checks if 
all the numbers in the array are positive, using a for loop. Return true if all 
numbers are positive, and false otherwise.

QUE13. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and counts the number of 
occurrences of a specified character in the string using a for loop. Return the 
count.

QUE14. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the odd numbers from the original array, using a for loop.

QUE15. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and prints the Fibonacci 
sequence up to that number. The Fibonacci sequence is a series of numbers where each 
number is the sum of the two preceding ones. For example, if the number is 8, the 
function should print:

0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8