QUE1. Write a function that takes two numbers as parameters and returns their sum.

QUE2. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the 
smallest number in the array.

QUE3. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and returns the reversed 
version of the string.

QUE4. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns a 
new array with the lengths of each string.

QUE5. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and checks if it is even 
or odd. Return "Even" if the number is even and "Odd" if it is odd.

QUE6. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the 
sum of all the positive numbers in the array.

QUE7. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and counts the number of 
vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in the string. Return the count.

QUE8. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the unique numbers (removing duplicates).

QUE9. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and checks if it is a 
palindrome. Return true if it is a palindrome, and false otherwise. (A palindrome 
is a word, phrase, number, or other sequence of characters that reads the same 
forward and backward.)

QUE10. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns a 
new array with the strings in alphabetical order.

QUE11. Write a function that takes a sentence as a parameter and returns the number 
of words in the sentence.

QUE12. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns 
the largest number in the array.

QUE13. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and returns a new string 
with all the vowels removed.

QUE14. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns the
average of all the numbers in the array.

QUE16. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and checks if it is a 
valid email address. Return true if it is valid and false otherwise.

QUE17. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns 
the concatenation of all the strings in the array.

QUE18. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and checks if it is a 
prime number. Return true if it is prime and false otherwise.

QUE19. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the even numbers.

QUE20. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and capitalizes the first 
letter of each word in the string.

QUE21. Write a function that takes two arrays as parameters and returns a new array 
with the unique elements from both arrays (removing duplicates).

QUE22. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and returns the factorial 
of that number. The factorial of a number is the product of all positive integers 
less than or equal to that number.

QUE23. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and checks if it is a 
palindrome sentence. A palindrome sentence is a sentence that reads the same backward
as forward, ignoring spaces and punctuation.

QUE24. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns the
number of strings that have a length greater than a specified value.

QUE25. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and checks if it is a 
perfect number. A perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of 
its proper divisors (excluding itself).

QUE26. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and converts it to 
"Title Case" (the first letter of each word capitalized and all other letters 
lowercase)